# Assignments
academic assignments in UTAS

My name is Liang Yulu and I’m from China. I am a confident and optimistic people with full passion for new things. I graduated from University of Tasmania in July 2013 and after a one-year break in China, I came back to Australia with Permanent Resident Visa.

I completed a bachelor degree of Computing with honors in the middle of 2013. My research in honor year was about forecasting the lifecycle of social issue in China, and the thesis is attached in the attachments. To finish this research, I used PHP as a tool to collect social data from web pages hourly and then analyze and modify to fit the forecasting model. During the honor year, I gained a lot of experience on research and understand the process of how to write down thesis. Also, in this year, I learn some communication, presentation and writing skills with my supervisors and improve my programming skills based on different data analysis and modeling study. The most important experience I got is that I learn how to manage my time or schedule since I have a meeting weekly and need to present my work to supervisors.

During the academic study, I did finish some assignments by using different programming languages and these small works are as presented in the attachments. I prefer to use PHP as it is a popular programming language and easy to access. I completed several PHP assignments. First one was a website about historical events. This website provides information sorting by years or tags, which could be modified by administrators or registered users. As a result, I developed a register page for users and used JS to check if details provided by users were available. Session functions applied in my website would allow registered users to view and edit those events easily. From the development of this website, I gained knowledge about interacted between PHP and MySQL. Plus, I was familiar with MVC structure and AJAX. Another PHP website was to extract main information from short links (eg. http://t.co) in Twitter. I studied some open source codes in Github and modified them to fix with my requirement. Finally, I could extract title and main paragraph from short URLs in a high accrete rate. As it was an assignment from tutors, I completed some PHP applications to test this website for writing a report.

Plus, I got a lots of fun from C#. Fisrt assignment is about TV guide. This applicaiton is designed based on MVC theory and here are 3 views included. First view is for viewing and recording TV programmes. Second one allows user to manage TV programmes they like and recorded. Final one is a to-do-list, which is sorted by time, or titles. Second assignment is a Role-Play game editor, which presents the attitude of NPC and can be modified by users.
